Hi, everyone, in this last year, we are going to go over resolving this in Arah functions Arri So
a common misconception is we didn't we tend to think that curly braces must be scope's, right?
Like in here we have curly braces set of curly braces here and they should be scope's, they are bloks
their function bodies and so they must be scope's.
Right.
So I'm going to ask you a question.
What is going to happen when I define an arrow function.
All right.
On line three, what is going to happen?
What is the this keyword going to point at?
What is the parent lexical scope from which that error function will go up one level to resolve that
this keyword?
Is it the movie shop?
No, it is the global scope.
Why is that?
It is not the movie shop object.
Because guess what?
Just because there are there are curly braces around that object doesn't make it a scope.
Objects are not scope's.
There are like literally hundreds of questions on stack overflow to this context where people are saying
why is the arrow function not getting my movie sharp as my context, for example.
All right.
So because they think that curly braces are scopes, and when we want to resolve the this keyword inside
this arrow function lexically, this is going to travel one level up.
What is one level up then this that is the global of the global scale.
We don't have any this defined inside the global.
We don't know what this movie is.
Where is this movie coming from?
We don't have any object movie.
Right.
So we don't have it.
We we are going to get undefined.
It doesn't matter if you call that function OK, if you call that function using the context object
way.
If you call it like this, you are going to get undefined, I'm just going to zoom out of it so we can
see it better.
It is going to say undefined.
Can I make it bigger?
Yeah, I like that.
It is going to give us undefined and if we go ahead and use the call method, so even if we use the
implicit binding or if you use the call method.
And if I save it, we are going to get undefined.
I'm just going to go ahead and make it bigger like that and we are going to go smaller screen.
All right.
And this is I'm going to go over this one more time.
It is because objects are not are not scope's until we find a letter or a concert declaration.
Right now, we have to think about a narrow function as not having a this and resolving it lexically
what is what does it mean lexically it is going to go one level up.
OK, so what is the parent scope?
There are only two scopes in this program.
The scope of the movie func, this scope and the global scope.
OK, so what is the scope that it is going to go one level up?
That is going to be the global scope and we don't have any any movie in the global scope.
We don't know what that this is going to point at.
OK, so it's because if we come here on the movie function, we can see that it points to the movie
shop, OK, but because are functions, they don't define a lexical this we are going to get undefined.
It doesn't matter if you even do a dart call on it.
And we pass in the movie shop as an argument for this because again, inside the movie shop we have
an arrow function and arrow functions don't define at this.
We need a proper function.
We cannot error functions.
So this is something that you need to keep in mind.
And we had in the in our previous lecture, we had a proper function in here, a named function.
All right.
As a method.
That's why we could, when we resolved it, lexically we were able to grab this this key word, what
it pointed at it pointed at this movie.
All right.
But in this case, we don't have a proper function and the error functions are not hardbound functions.
That's why they do not define this keyword, not set for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.